# Pewlett-Hackard-Analysis
Challenge 7

This challenge was an example of what big corporations are dealing with in the real world.  Especially with an alarming of baby boomers retiring at a fast pace.  If corporations do not have any idea on how to deal with the retiring situation, it will cost them hundred or even millions of dollars in lost production and revenue.  On this module we were asked to find out how many employees were eligile to retire.  The company also wanted to find out what were their titles and also to list who was eligible for a mentorship program to train and to assist on the slow impact of the retiring employees.  

The issues that I encountered in this challenge was the instructions itself on some of the lessons.  The steps on how to set up the codes, corrections to fix the codes, and the instructions on how to save the tables and transfer the data over.  The data was not made clear on what employees were current, multiple employees were duplicate on the data with different titles, and multiple employees listed in different departments.  On following the instructions on the module we cleaned up the data to find the most recent titles the employees currently had and which titles that needed to be replace.  In my opinion this was not clear to me.

On the challenge we were given a set of intructions with the dates of 1952 to 1955 to reach a conclusion on retirement eligibility employees.  This could of been better set up with an accurate assessment on the data.  Meaning that it should of gave us better instructions on how many current employees really work for Pewlett-Hackard.  My opinion is that the data we provided on these employees, some percentage of them do not work there anymore.  Same with the mentorship program data, only gave us current employess data.  How many of these employees are still employed at the company?  This is my observation on this module.  Kind of confusing.  But I have to say I learned a new skill, using pgAdmin4 and SQL applications.  
